docs: AWS new interface for API gateway and custom domains (#779)
brefphp/bref: docs/environment/custom-domains.md

- click "Create"
- enter your domain name, select the certificate you created above and save
- edit the domain that was created
- click "Configure API mappings" to add an "API mapping" which maps the `/` URL (or any URL you want) to your HTTP application in the `Dev` stage, for example:

  ![](custom-domains-path-mapping.png)

> If you are using Cloudfront:

Author: I'm not using Cloudfront, and so I couldn't verify if the following 2 instructions show in the new API gateway interface.

Reviewer: It's not really related to CloudFront. It's simply that after setting up the "Custom domain", we need to create a DNS entry to point our custom domain to API Gateway.

Check out my other comment, I've suggested to reword this a little bit. The "If you are using Cloudfront:" should be removed then.

```suggestion

```

> If you are using Cloudfront:

Author: ```suggestion
If your endpoint type is `Edge`:
```

Reviewer: This line needs to be removed even with regional domains. The DNS entry must be created.

Author: Ok, I'll remove it - but I had to create my CNAME entry and an AWS certificate before I was even able to get to this screen.

> - after clicking "Save", note the URL in the `Target Domain Name` section (`<random>.cloudfront.net`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- after saving the "API mappings", find the `API Gateway domain name` in the "Configurations" tab (`<random>.cloudfront.net`)
```

This is what I mean:

![CleanShot 2020-11-03 at 11 50 59](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/720328/97976392-eeaf5780-1dca-11eb-8ee8-1071b42f19d0.png)

Author: Mine looks a bit different, though:

![Screenshot 2020-11-03 at 13 54 34](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/787653/97982573-b153c580-1ddc-11eb-85e6-ee2edd9cd833.png)

Reviewer: Yes, ok here is an alternative suggestion:

```suggestion
- after saving the "API mappings", find the `API Gateway domain name` in the "Configurations" tab
```
